In this lecture we're going to go ahead and add in that Coorg.
So I'm going to add a new layer above all of my layers and the way we're going to create this cork is
first we're going to go ahead and just select a cork color off of our cork reference there is its color
right there.
It's in that position.
Ok then just using a hard edged brush we're just going to go ahead and paint in a basic cork shape.
Don't worry if this isn't perfect we can go ahead and you race away to create the exact shape that we
want.
So something about like so should you get that rounded bottom.
Next we're going to go ahead and erase away these edges to get the shape we want so just like so perfect.
Now we're going to go ahead and achieve this rounded top.
So the way we're going to do that is by using our circular marquee.
And then we're going to make a selection that's about the size and width of our cork.
And then we want to get the right angle in there so the angle would be how squashed your circle is.
So something about like that should be good.
We're going to invert the selection by adding control shift or command shift II.
So now what this is going to allow us to do is it's going to allow us to erase this edge away and leave
the middle the same.
Let's do this once more.
But down here down here we're going to have a little bit more of a rounded curve.
So we can bring our circle down a little bit more.
So there should be good.
We'll get that all lined up.
So then will it control shift I to invert it and erase away this edge.
Perfect.
See that looks awesome.
Now I'm going to nudge it over just a little bit with my arrow keys and maybe down a little bit.
So about they're perfect must go into you Reesa way these little edges that we missed.
Great.
Next let's go ahead and select the shape of our layer and then we're going to add a new layer above
that.
And then let's select this color over here that they're using for their highlight.
So it's just a lighter brown.
There's the color number right there.
There's it's position and then using my brush tool making sure I'm on a soft edged brush.
Go ahead and start painting in those highlights when I bring my brush opacity down to 20 percent.
And first we're just going to paint in the basic shape of those highlights.
Something like so that I'm going to bring my brushes down and now we're really going to start getting
into the real detail of it.
So basically we're getting the highlight on this edge because a light source is coming from over here
and we're also getting a light source coming from somewhere over here.
And so it's hitting the surface
right next.
Let's go ahead and grab an even lighter highlight color so we're going to come up to about there and
come into our yellow's.
So there should be good.
Now we'll go ahead and add our second layer of highlight.
You'll notice here that I'm kind of doing a little small strokes.
That's to add some texture to make it look more interesting
then we can follow this edge with our highlight.
Same with this back edge over here.
Perfect.
Now let's grab one more highlight color and we're going to make this one a little bit brighter and a
little bit more yellow and we can start painting in this highlight
not going to go ahead and select out of fear.
And what I'm going to do now is I'm going to paint over this a little bit more just to make it look
a little bit more hand-painted.
So I'm going to select colors in here so that color right there and switch over to my brush tool and
bring in my brush opacity up to 100 percent.
Now go ahead and paint along that edge like so there.
And so I'm just going to keep selecting my colors and then painting with them.
By the way if you pull down I to switch over to your eyedropper tool and then you select your color
and then let go.
That will allow you to switch back over to your brush tool really quickly rather than having to switch
between the two of them manually.
You can just keep holding down I select your color and let go.
Just make sure you don't just press the eye because that's going to select your eyedropper and keep
it on your eyedropper.
Great.
Next we don't want to do is I want to paint a little bit over this edge right here because it doesn't
really look like it's going into the glass so I'm going to select the color we have around here and
I'm going to go ahead and sort of paint that in by hand.
And then I'm like this even lighter white color.
Paint a little bit more highlight in.
Now I know I'm not on my highlight layer right now but that's OK because we're about to merge this all
together.
So it's one layer we're going to select a little bit darker version of that still pretty light.
And I'll add it right around the edge.
One a little bit too much over the edge here.
So just go ahead and paint some of that back in.
Perfect.
Let's go ahead and zoom out and see how that looks.
Awesome.
Now we can go ahead and turn off our back round shape.
So this first shave that we made we can go and turn that off and see how it looks now.
So you can see how we can see through the bottle and see this gray background that's really nice.
And it's going to make your bottle look a lot more realistic in your game.
Now let's go ahead and merge all these layers together.
But before we do that we want to select them all and then we're going to make a copy and then we can
merge those layers together.
Then we'll take the rest of these layers select them and put them into a folder so we still have those
also.
Now that this layer is merged you'll see here on this edge where we had the glowing effect on our gold
part it kind of came out outside of our bottle and sense it's an effect you can't really cut it off.
And so now that it's one layer and pasteurized we can go ahead any reset away with our waste tool as
best as possible.
And you can get in there really close if you'd like and get it really well.
But I don't think most people are really going to notice that.
Perfect.
Now I'm really curious to know what this looks like in the world of Raimon.
So let's go ahead and bring in a background and see how it looks.
So I have this background from Ray man going to go ahead and drag this layer by clicking it and dragging
it into my radioman background so that we can shrink that down.
See how that looks.
So let's say that was a potion in the corner just saying you have 10 potions or whatever.
It looks pretty good.
It fits right in there.
All right.
Now how do you see this out.
So it has a transparent background and it's not PTSD file because you can't use PTSD files in your game.
Well let's come back into our document and let's go ahead and turn off this background layer and turn
off this reference image.
Then we're going to come up to file save as and we're going to change this from a Photoshop document
to a P.A. document.
What this allows us to do is allow us to save out with transparent backgrounds.
So let's go ahead and save.
So now we have that perfect your assignment for this lecture is to create this project if you haven't
already.
Once you create it I want you to apply it to a game background so it can be a background that you've
already created or it can be a background of a game that's already out there.
Once you've done that go ahead and post it to the Q and A section of the course.
And I can't wait to see your work.
Thanks for watching this lecture and I look forward to seeing you in the next one.